# Master Services Agreement

authorised**Appendix 1 - Master Services Agreement**

This Master Service Agreement (“MSA”) is entered into by CybrHawk Inc (“CybrHawk”), located at 110 SE 6th Street Suite #1700, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301, or one of its Affiliates (as defined in Section B.8 below) and the Customer entity identified above, which may include Customer Affiliate(s) (as defined in Section B.8 below) as of the Effective Date (as defined by the latest date in the signature block of the Service Order or SOW, defined in Section A.1, or if Customer purchased Services online, the date which such online purchase was accepted by CybrHawk Inc). CybrHawk and Customer hereby agree to the following terms and conditions:



**A. Services and Order of Precedence.**

\
**A.1** Services. During the term of this MSA and subject to the terms and conditions herein, CybrHawk agrees to provide certain: (i) Managed Cybersecurity Services (“MCS Services”), and/or (ii) Consulting Services purchased by Customer in accordance with the terms of this agreement. The MCS Services and Consulting Services are collectively referred to hereafter as the “Services”. The Services being purchased are specified in a physical, electronic, or online service order (“Service Order”) or statement of work (“SOW”) executed (or, if online, accepted pursuant to an online order process) by the parties, which will be incorporated as part of this MSA. A document becomes a Service Order or SOW once accepted by the Customer. A detailed description of the MCS Services being purchased is provided in the service description and/or service level agreement (“SLA”) for such MCS Services attached to the Service Order (or linked to if the Customer is purchasing online) and incorporated therein by reference. Certain Consulting Services may be purchased online. If the Customer is purchasing Consulting Services online, a link to an SLA for the applicable Consulting Service is provided. All Services Orders (whether signed or accepted pursuant to an online order process) and all SOWs are subject to the terms and conditions of this MSA and will include the following: (i) the particular Services to be performed, including, if applicable, any SLAs; (i) the term of the Services; (iii) the compensation and billing method for the Services; and (iv) any other applicable information agreed to by the parties.

\
**A.2** Order of Precedence. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the MSA and a Service Order/SOW (including any exhibits or attachments thereto), the terms of the Service Order/SOW shall govern, but only as regards such Service Order/SOW.

**B. Fees; Taxes; Invoicing and Payment.**

\
**B.1** MCS Services Fees. CybrHawk’s fees for the MCS Services are provided by CybrHawk Inc. The MCS Services ordered will commence on the first day in which CybrHawk: (a) has established communication with the contracted Customer device(s) and/or Equipment/Customer Purchased Equipment; and (b) has verified the availability of Customer Data (as defined in Section F.1 below) on the CybrHawk Customer portal, (the “Service Commencement Date”), and CybrHawk shall, through a distribution company, invoice Customer for such MCS Services on or after the Service Commencement Date.\
If Customer is ordering Infrastructure Monitoring, Security Information and Event Management, Managed and Monitored Firewall, Managed and Monitored Integrated Appliance, or Managed and Monitored Next Generation Firewall MCS Services pursuant to the Service Order or SOW, Customer shall be billed for the entire number of devices in the tier being purchased (as outlined in the Service Order) upon the Service Commencement Date of the initial device. If there are any devices remaining to be integrated thereafter, Customer shall be responsible for initiating the integration of such devices via the Portal (as defined in Section E below).

\
**B.2** Consulting Service Fees. CybrHawk’s fees and billing milestones for the Consulting Services are set forth on the SOW or Service Order (as applicable).

\
**B.3** Change Control. “Change” means any change to the Services that (i) would modify or alter the delivery of the Services or the composition of the Services, (ii) would alter the cost to Customer for the Services, or (iii) is agreed by Customer and CybrHawk in writing to be a Change. From time to time during the term of the Services, Customer or CybrHawk may propose Changes to the Services. Any Change to the applicable Service Order/SOW shall be: (i) approved by both CybrHawk and Customer, (ii) executed by an authorized representative of Customer and CybrHawk, and (iii) memorialized in a change order (“Change Order”) or other written amendment that specifically\
identifies the portion of the Service Order/SOW that is the subject of the modification or amendment and the changed or new provision.

\
**B.4** Customer Premise Work. If and to the extent that the implementation, performance or delivery of the Services require CybrHawk to be present at the Customer’s premises, then, upon receiving travel approval from Customer and subject to CybrHawk’ adherence to the CybrHawk travel reimbursement policy, or other travel reimbursement guidelines set forth in the Service Order/SOW, Customer shall reimburse CybrHawk for all reasonable and actual out-of-pocket travel expenses, including, but not limited to, hotel, airfare, transportation and meals, incurred in connection with the implementation, performance or delivery of the Services.

\
**B.5** Taxes. Customer shall be responsible, on behalf of itself and its Affiliate(s), for the payment of all taxes and fees assessed or imposed on the Services provided or the amounts charged under the Service Order/SOW in any country or territory in which the Customer receives the benefit of the Services, including any sales, use, excise, value-added, or comparable taxes, but excluding taxes: (i) for which the Customer has provided a valid resale or exemption certificate, or (ii) imposed on CybrHawk’ income or arising from the employment relationship between CybrHawk and its employees. Should any payments become subject to withholding tax, the Customer will deduct these taxes from the amount owed and pay the taxes to the appropriate tax authority in accordance with applicable tax laws. Customer will promptly provide CybrHawk with receipts or documents evidencing these tax payments. CybrHawk shall not be liable for any withholding tax, penalty or interest due as a result of Customer’s failure to withhold any applicable tax.

\
**B.6** Invoices and Payments. The customer will receive invoices from a CybrHawk-appointed Distributor. Customer agrees to abide by the payment terms and conditions of the Distributor.

\
**B.7** Disputes and Nonpayment. Customer can reasonably dispute any invoice or any portion of any invoice claimed from Distributor as due and payable, provided that, prior to the Invoice Due Date, Customer (i) timely pays any undisputed portion of the amount due and payable, and (ii) provides Distributor with written notice specifying the disputed amount and the basis for the dispute in reasonable detail. Except for amounts that are disputed by Customer, in accordance with this Section B.7, Distributor reserves the right to charge Customer a late fee of two percent (2%) per month or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is less, for invoices not paid on or before the Invoice Due Date. In addition, Distributor, without waiving any other rights or remedies to which it may be entitled, shall have the right, upon 7 days' prior written notice to Customer, to suspend the Services until such payment is received.

\
**B.8** Affiliates. As used herein, the term “Affiliate” with respect to a party means any entity that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such party. “Customer” may include Customer’s Affiliate(s): (i) receiving the benefit of the Services through Customer’s purchase of the Services, or (ii) whose data is included, accessed, or received by CybrHawk in connection with the performance of the Services for Customer. With respect to such Customer Affiliate(s), Customer hereby represents and warrants\
that: (A) Customer has obtained the necessary consent from each Customer Affiliate for CybrHawk to access such Customer Affiliate’s networks and data in connection with providing the Services, and (B) each Customer Affiliate agrees to, and is hereby legally bound by, the terms of this MSA. The parties acknowledge and agree that Customer Affiliate(s) are not intended to be third-party beneficiaries to this MSA. Customer & CybrHawk agree to a mutual and fully liable for any breach of the terms of this MSA by its Affiliate(s) receiving or having access to the Services hereunder.\
In addition, in the event that a Customer Affiliate with a location outside of the United States is purchasing Services under this MSA (“Customer International Affiliate”), (i) such Customer International Affiliate shall enter into a Service Order and/or SOW directly with the CybrHawk local Affiliate (“CybrHawk Local Affiliate”) for such Services, and (ii) Customer shall execute a local country addendum specifying any local country required terms on behalf of Customer’s International Affiliate. For the purposes of either party’s Affiliate(s) performing, receiving, or purchasing\
Services hereunder, references to CybrHawk and Customer herein shall be deemed references to such party’s respective Affiliate(s).

**B.9** Third-Party Product Purchases. If Customer purchases any third-party products or services (“Third-Party Purchases”) as specified on the Service Order and/or SOW, Customer agrees that it will comply with any third-party flow-down terms and conditions, including but not limited to any third-party end-user license agreement attached to the Service Order or SOW relating to such Third-Party Purchases.

\
**C. Term of MSA; Service Order(s) and SOW(s).**

\
**C.1** Term of MSA. The term of this MSA shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the completion, termination, or expiration of the Services set forth on the Service Order/ SOW or until this MSA is terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof.

\
**C.2** Term of Service Orders/SOW(s). The term for the Services is specified on the Service Order and/or SOW.

\
**D. Termination.**

\
**D.1** Termination for Breach. Either party may terminate this MSA or the Service Order and/or SOW in the event that the other party materially defaults in performing any obligation under this MSA (including any Service Order/SOW) and such default continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days following written notice of default. If this MSA or the Service Order and/or SOW is terminated by Customer prior to the Service term expiration date for any reason other than CybrHawk’s breach, Customer agrees to pay to CybrHawk: (i) for the Consulting Services, all unpaid\
Consulting Service fees as set forth on the Service Order and/or SOW for the Consulting Services performed through the effective termination date; (ii) for MCS Services, all unpaid MCS Service fees as set forth on the Service Order for the MCS Services performed through the effective termination date plus liquidated damages equal to the MCS Service fees that will become due during the remaining term of the Service Order(s). If Customer terminates this MSA or the Service Order and/or SOW as a result of CybrHawk’s breach, then to the extent that Customer has prepaid any Service fees, CybrHawk shall refund to Customer any prepaid Service fees on a pro-rata basis to the extent such Service fees are attributable to the period after such termination date.

\
**D.2** Termination for Insolvency. This MSA and the Services hereunder will terminate, effective upon delivery of written notice by either party to the other party upon the following: (a) the institution of insolvency, receivership or bankruptcy proceedings or any other proceedings for the settlement of debts of the other party; (b) the making of an assignment for the benefit of creditors by the other party; or (c) the dissolution of the other party.

\
**E. MCS Services Software; Restrictions.**

\
CybrHawk will provide Customer with: (i) user IDs, tokens, passwords, (ii) access and use of the software (in object code format only), (iii) digital signatures, and (iv) access and use of the CybrHawk Customer portal (the “Portal”), as necessary for Customer to receive the MCS Services (the “Software”) and the applicable written directions and/or policies relating to the MCS Services, which may be in paper or electronic format (the “Documentation” and collectively, with the MCS Services and the Software, the “Products”), or a combination thereof, as necessary for Customer to receive the MCS Services and access the Portal. CybrHawk grants to Customer a limited, nontransferable, royalty-free, and nonexclusive license to access and use, and for Customer’s Affiliate(s) to access\
and use, during the term of the MCS Services only, the Products delivered to Customer, subject to the restrictions set forth below.

Customer (i) will use the Products for its internal security purposes, or for the internal security purposes of Customer’s Affiliates purchasing MCS Services hereunder, and (ii) will not, for itself, any Affiliate of Customer or any third party: (a) sell, rent, license, assign, distribute, or transfer any of the Products; (b) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reconstruct, translate, reverse engineer, or discover any source code of the Software; (c) copy any Software or Documentation, except that Customer may make a reasonable number of copies of the Documentation for its internal use (provided Customer reproduces on such copies all proprietary notices of CybrHawk or its suppliers); or (d) remove from any Software or Documentation any language or designation indicating the confidential nature thereof or the proprietary rights of CybrHawk or its suppliers. In addition, Customer will not, and will not permit unaffiliated third parties to, (I) use the Products on a time-sharing, outsourcing, service bureau, hosting, application service provider or managed service provider basis; (II) alter any aspect of any Software; or (III) assign, transfer, distribute, or otherwise provide access to any of the Products to any unaffiliated third party or otherwise use any Product with or for the benefit of any unaffiliated third party. This Section 5 shall survive any expiration or termination of this MSA.<br>

**F. Proprietary Rights.**

\
**F.1** Customer’s Proprietary Rights. Customer represents and warrants that it has the necessary rights, power, and authority to transmit End User Data (as defined below) to CybrHawk under this MSA. As between Customer and CybrHawk, Customer will own all right, title and interest in and to (i) any data provided by Customer and/or its Affiliate(s) to CybrHawk and/or Customer and/or its Affiliate(s)’ data accessed or used by CybrHawk or transmitted by Customer and/or its Affiliate(s) to CybrHawk, including, but not limited to, Customer's and/or its Affiliate(s)’ data included in any written or printed summaries, analyses or reports generated in connection with the Services (Customer and its Affiliate(s)’ data, collectively, the “Customer Data”), (ii) all intellectual property, including patents,\
copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other proprietary information (“IP”) of Customer that may be made available to CybrHawk in the course of providing Services under this MSA, and (iii) all confidential or proprietary information of Customer or Customer Affiliates, including, but not limited to, Customer Data, Customer Reports (as defined in Section F.3), and other Customerfiles, documentation and related materials, in each case under this clause (F.1.iii), obtained by CybrHawk in connection with this MSA. During the term of the Services, Customer grants to CybrHawk a limited, non-exclusive license to use the Customer Data solely for the purposes contemplated by this MSA and for CybrHawk to perform the Services hereunder. This MSA does not transfer or convey to CybrHawk or any third party any right, title, or interest in or to the Customer Data or any associated IP rights, but only a limited right of use as granted in and revocable in accordance with this MSA.

\
**F.2** CybrHawk’s Proprietary Rights. Between Customer and CybrHawk, CybrHawk will own all right, title, and interest in and to the Products and Services. This MSA does not transfer or convey to Customer or any third party any right, title, or interest in or to the Products and Services or any associated IP rights, but only a limited right of use as granted in and revocable in accordance with this MSA. CybrHawk will retain ownership of all copies of the Documentation. Customer agrees that CybrHawk is the owner of all right, title, and interest in all IP in any work, including, but not limited to, all inventions, methods, processes, and computer programs, including any source code or object code, (and any enhancements and modifications made thereto) contained within the Services and/or\
Products (collectively, the “Works”), developed by CybrHawk in connection with the performance of the Services hereunder and of general applicability across CybrHawk’ Customer base, and Customer hereby assigns to CybrHawk all right, title and interest in and to any copyrights that Customer may have in and to such Work; provided, however, that such Work shall not include Customer’s Confidential Information (as defined in Section H), Customer Data, Customer Reports (as defined in Section F.3) or other information belonging, referencing, identifying or pertaining to Customer or Customer Affiliates. Without limiting the foregoing, CybrHawk will own all right, title, and interest in\
all IP in any advisory data, threat data, vulnerability data, analyses, summaries, bulletins, and information made available to Customer in CybrHawk’s provision of its Threat Intelligence Services (the “TIS Reports”). During the term of the Services, CybrHawk grants to Customer a limited, non-exclusive license to use such Works and TIS Reports solely for Customer to receive the Services and for Customer’s or its Affiliate’s internal security purposes only. Customer acknowledges that any license to the CybrHawk Products, Services, Works, and TIS Reports expires upon the expiration or termination of any individual Service Order/SOW and/or this MSA.

\
**F.3** Customer Reports. Customer shall receive periodic summaries, reports, analyses, and findings or other information or documentation prepared uniquely and exclusively for Customer in connection with the Services and as specified in the Service Order/SOW (the “Customer Reports”). The provision by Customer of any Customer Report or any information therein to any unaffiliated third party shall not entitle such unaffiliated third party to rely on the Customer Report or the contents thereof in any manner or for any purpose whatsoever, and CybrHawk specifically disclaims all liability for any damages whatsoever (whether foreseen or unforeseen, direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, exemplary or punitive) to such unaffiliated third party arising from or related to reliance by such unaffiliated third party on any Customer Report or any contents thereof. This Section F shall survive any expiration or termination of this MSA.

\
**G. Customer Cooperation.**&#x20;

Customer acknowledges that CybrHawk’ performance and delivery of the Services are contingent upon: (A) Customer providing safe and hazard-free access to its personnel, facilities, equipment, hardware, network and information, and (B) Customer’s timely decision-making, providing the requested information and granting of approvals or permissions, as (A) and (B) are deemed reasonably necessary and reasonably requested for CybrHawk to perform, deliver and/or implement the Services. Customer will promptly obtain and provide to CybrHawk any required licenses, approvals, or consents necessary for CybrHawk’s performance of the Services. CybrHawk will be excused from its failure to perform its obligations under this MSA to the extent such failure is caused solely by Customer’s delay in performing or failure to perform its responsibilities under this MSA and/or the Service Order/SOW.

\
**H. Confidentiality.**&#x20;

In the performance of the Services, Customer and CybrHawk may have access to, or be exposed to information of the other party not generally known to the public, including, but not limited to data, customer references, computer programs, technical drawings, algorithms, formulas, pricing strategies, processes, procedures, marketing materials, ideas, inventions (whether patentable or not) schematics and other technical, business, financial, customer and product development plans, forecasts, strategies, software, product plans, marketing and sales information, Customer lists, “know-how,” or trade secrets which may be designated as being confidential or which, under the\
circumstances surrounding disclosure, ought to be treated as confidential (collectively, “Confidential Information”). Confidential Information may not be shared with third parties unless such disclosure is to personnel of CybrHawk or Customer, including employees, agents, and subcontractors, on a “need-to-know” basis in connection with its performance obligations pursuant to this MSA, so long as such personnel have agreed to treat such Confidential Information under terms at least as restrictive as those herein. Each party agrees to take the necessary precautions to maintain the confidentiality of Confidential Information by using at least the same degree of care as such party\
employs with respect to its own Confidential Information of a like-kind nature, but in no case less than a commercially reasonable standard of care. The foregoing shall not include information, which, (A) was known by one party prior to its receipt from the other or is or becomes public knowledge without the fault of the recipient, (B) is received by the recipient from a source other than a party to this MSA, (C) is independently developed by a party without causing a breach of the terms hereunder, or (D) a party is required to disclose in response to an order by a court or governmental agency, provided that advance notice of the disclosure is provided to other party.

During the term of this MSA and the Services, CybrHawk shall employ and maintain reasonable and appropriate safeguards designed to: (a) reasonably protect all confidential information in CybrHawk’ possession and control, from unauthorized use, alteration, access or disclosure; (b) detect and prevent against a Security Breach (as defined below); and (c) ensure that CybrHawk’ employees and agents are appropriately trained to maintain the confidentiality and security of Customer Data in CybrHawk’ possession. CybrHawk agrees to promptly notify Customer upon becoming aware of a confirmed use or disclosure of Customer Data or Customer Confidential Information in violation of this MSA (a "Security Breach"). This Section H shall survive for three (3) years following any termination or expiration of this MSA; provided that with respect to any Confidential Information remaining in the receiving party’s possession following any termination or expiration of this MSA, the obligations under this Section shall survive for as long as such Confidential Information remains in such party’s possession.

**I. Non-Solicitation.**&#x20;

During the term of this Agreement and for twenty-four (24) months after any termination of this Agreement, Customer will not, either directly or indirectly, on your behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, solicit or attempt to solicit, divert or hire away, recruit or attempt to recruit, or induce any person employed by CybrHawk, its vendors or customers. You also agree that the 24-month period applies to current, terminated, or resigned employees regardless of the reason.

**J. Warranties; Limitation of Liability and Consulting Services Disclaimer.**

\
**J.1** Warranties. CYBRHAWK WARRANTS THAT: (I) ITS PERSONNEL, AGENTS, AND SUBCONTRACTORS ARE ADEQUATELY TRAINED AND COMPETENT TO PERFORM THE SERVICES, AND (II) THE SERVICES SHALL BE PERFORMED IN A PROFESSIONAL MANNER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SERVICE ORDER/SOW AND THIS MSA. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS SECTION, CYBRHAWK(INCLUDING ITS AFFILIATES, SUBCONTRACTORS, AND AGENTS) AND\
EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, AND OFFICERS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "CYBRHAWK PARTY(IES)") MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR CUSTOMER REPORTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, PERFORMANCE, SUITABILITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR ANY WARRANTY RELATING TO THIRD-PARTY\
PURCHASES.

\
**J.2 Limitation of Liability.**\
**J.2.1** NEITHER THE CYBRHAWK PARTIES NOR CUSTOMER WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS MSA.

\
**J.2.2.** NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN SECTION I.2.1, NEITHER PARTY SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR THE FOLLOWING: (A) LOSS OF REVENUE, INCOME, PROFIT, OR SAVINGS, (B) LOST OR CORRUPTED DATA OR SOFTWARE, LOSS OF USE OF SYSTEM(S) OR NETWORK, OR THE RECOVERY OF SUCH, (C) LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, OR (D) BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR DOWNTIME.

\
**J.2.3** CYBRHAWK’ AGGREGATE LIABILITY (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) FOR ALL CLAIMS OF LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS MSA SHALL NOT EXCEED: (A) FOR THE MCS SERVICES: THE AMOUNTS PAID BY CUSTOMER FOR THE SPECIFIC MCS SERVICE(S) GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIM DURING THE PRIOR TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD; AND (B) FOR THE CONSULTING SERVICES: THE AMOUNT OF THE SOW.

\
**J.2.4** The foregoing limitations, exclusions, and disclaimers shall apply, regardless of whether the claim for such damages is based on contract, warranty, strict liability, negligence, tort, or otherwise. Insofar as applicable law prohibits any limitation herein, the parties agree that such limitation will be automatically modified, but only to the extent to make the limitation permitted to the fullest extent possible under such law. The parties agree that the limitations on liabilities set forth herein are agreed allocations of risk constituting in part the consideration for CybrHawk’s sale of Services and/or Products to Customer, and such limitations will apply notwithstanding the failure\
of the essential purpose of any limited remedy, and even if a party has been advised of the possibility of such liabilities.

\
**J.2.5** Certain Consulting Services follow a defined sampling methodology, rather than being driven by a specific end result or deliverable. This sampling methodology aims to reduce cost while at the same time minimizing any detrimental impact on the accuracy and reliability of the results. Due to the inherent risks and limitations associated with this methodology, CybrHawk cannot guarantee (i) the outcome of its testing, assessment, forensics, or remediation methods, or (ii) that all weaknesses, noncompliance issues, or vulnerabilities will be discovered (clauses (i) and (ii), together, the “Risks and Limitations”). Customer acknowledges and accepts these Risks and Limitations. Depending upon the type of Consulting Services being purchased pursuant to a Service Order or SOW, Appendix A may apply. This Section I shall survive any expiration or termination of this MSA.

\
**K. Indemnification.**&#x20;

“Indemnified Parties” shall mean, in the case of CybrHawk, its Affiliates and subcontractors, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, contractors and agents, and, in the case of Customer, Customer, its Affiliates, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, contractors and agents.

\
**K.1** CybrHawk Indemnity. CybrHawk shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Customer Indemnified Parties from any damages, costs and liabilities, expenses (including reasonable and actual attorney’s fees) (“Damages”) actually incurred or finally adjudicated as to any third-party claim or action alleging that the Products, Services or any Customer Reports prepared or produced by CybrHawk and delivered pursuant to this MSA infringe or misappropriate any third party’s patent, copyright, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights enforceable in the country(ies) in which the Products, Services or any Customer Reports are performed or prepared for Customer\
by CybrHawk(“Indemnified Claims”). If an Indemnified Claim under this Section occurs, or if CybrHawk determines that an Indemnified Claim is likely to occur, CybrHawk shall, at its option: (A) obtain a right for Customer to continue using such Products, Services or Customer Reports; (B) modify such Products, Services or Customer Reports to make them non-infringing; or (C) replace such Products, Services or Customer Reports with a non-infringing equivalent. If(A), (B), or (C) above are not reasonably available, either party may, at its option, terminate this MSA and/or the Service Order and/or SOW, and CybrHawk will refund any prepaid fees on a pro-rata basis for the allegedly infringing Products, Services, or Customer Reports that have not been performed or provided. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CybrHawk shall have no obligation under this Section for any claim resulting or arising from: (A) modifications made to the Products, Services or Customer Reports that were not performed or provided by or on behalf of CybrHawk; or (B) the combination, operation or use by Customer, or anyone acting on Customer’s behalf, of the Products, Services or Customer Reports in connection with a third-party product or service (the combination of which causes\
the infringement).

\
**K.2** Customer Indemnity. Customer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the CybrHawk Indemnified Parties from any Damages actually incurred or finally adjudicated as to any (i) third-party claim or action alleging that the Customer Data infringes a copyright or misappropriates any trade secrets enforceable in the country(ies) where the Customer Data is accessed, provided to or received by CybrHawk or was improperly provided to CybrHawk in violation of Customer’s privacy policies or applicable laws (or regulations promulgated thereunder), and (ii) claim or action by Customer Affiliates arising from or relating to the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, Customer’s indemnity obligations in clause (ii) of this Section shall not affect Customer’s rights or remedies under this MSA.

**K.3** Mutual General Indemnity. Each party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party from any third-party claim or action (i) for personal bodily injuries, including death, or tangible property damage resulting from the indemnifying party’s gross negligence or willful misconduct, and (ii) relating to the indemnifying party’s violation or alleged violation of applicable export laws, regulations, and orders.

\
**K.4** Indemnification Procedures. The Indemnified Party will (i) promptly notify the indemnifying party in writing of any claim, suit or proceeding for which indemnity is claimed, provided that failure to so notify will not remove the indemnifying party’s obligation except to the extent it is prejudiced thereby, and (ii) allow the indemnifying party to solely control the defense of any claim, suit or proceeding and all negotiations for settlement. In no event may either party enter into any third-party agreement which would in any manner whatsoever affect the rights of the other party or bind the other party in any manner to such third party, without the prior written consent of the other party. This Section states each party’s exclusive remedies for any third-party claim or action, and nothing in this MSA or\
elsewhere will obligate either party to provide any greater indemnity to the other. This Section shall survive any expiration or termination of this MSA.

\
**L. Export.**&#x20;

Each party agrees to comply with all laws and regulations applicable to such party in the course of performance of its obligations under this MSA. Customer acknowledges that the Products and/or Services provided under this MSA, which may include technology, authentication and encryption, are subject to the customs and export control laws and regulations of the United States (“U.S.”); may be rendered or performed either in the U.S., in countries outside the U.S., or outside of the borders of the country in which Customer or its systems are located; and may also be subject to the customs and export laws and regulations of the country in which the Products and/or Services are rendered or received. Customer also may be subject to import or re-export restrictions in the event Customer transfers the Products and/or Services from the country of delivery, and Customer is responsible for complying with applicable restrictions. CybrHawk’s acceptance of any order for Products is contingent upon the issuance of any applicable export license required by the U.S. Government or any other applicable national government. CybrHawk will not be liable for delays or failure to deliver Products resulting from Customer’s failure to obtain such a license or to provide such certification.\
This Section shall survive any expiration or termination of this MSA.

\
**M. OFAC Warranty.**&#x20;

Each party warrants to the best of its knowledge that neither it nor any of its Affiliates nor such party’s agents are on any list maintained by the United States Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control\
of persons, entities, or prohibited or restricted jurisdictions. Each party agrees that it will promptly notify the other party in writing if the notifying party becomes aware of any changes to this warranty or if to the notifying party’s knowledge, any change is threatened. In such an event, the notified party shall have the ability to terminate this MSA without affording the notifying party an opportunity to cure.\
This Section shall survive any expiration or termination of this MSA.

\
**N. Government Entity.**&#x20;

Customer represents and warrants that it is not a national, provincial, Federal, state, county or municipal government or any governmental agency, department, subdivision, instrumentality, body, corporation or other arm or extension of any of the foregoing and, in executing and delivering this MSA and receiving the Products and Services hereunder, is not acting under the authority or color of authority of any of the foregoing.\
This Section shall survive any expiration or termination of this MSA.

\
**O. Important Additional Terms.**

\
**O.1** Independent Contractor Relationship; Subcontracting. The parties are independent contractors. Neither party will have any rights, power, or authority to act or create an obligation, express or implied, on behalf of another party except as specified in this MSA. Neither party will use the other party’s name (except for internal use only), trademark, logos, or trade name without the prior written consent of the other party. CybrHawk has the right to assign, subcontract, or delegate in whole or in part this MSA, or any rights, duties, obligations, or liabilities under this MSA, by operation of law or otherwise, provided that CybrHawk shall remain responsible for the performance of Services under this MSA. Otherwise, neither party may assign this MSA without the permission of the other party, which such permission shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

\
**O.2** Entire Agreement; Amendments; Severability; Section Headings. This MSA and the Service Order and/or SOW are the entire agreement between CybrHawk and Customer with respect to its subject matter and supersede all prior oral and written understandings, agreements, communications, and terms and conditions attached to or contained within a purchase order issued by Customer in connection with the Services, including, but not limited to, any security or privacy agreements executed by the parties. No amendment to or modification of this MSA, in whole or in part, will be valid or binding unless it is in writing and executed by authorized representatives of both parties provided, however, that the SLA(s) may be amended from time to time by CybrHawk, as reasonably necessary, in its reasonable discretion as long as such amendments (a) will have no material adverse impact on the Services, Service Levels or Service credits currently being provided to Customer by CybrHawk; and (b) are being effected with respect to all similarly situated CybrHawk Customers. If any provision of this MSA is void or unenforceable, the remainder of this MSA will remain in full force and effect. Section headings are for reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this MSA.

\
**O.3** Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable to the other party for any failure to perform any of its obligations under this MSA during any period in which such performance is delayed by circumstances beyond its reasonable control including, but not limited to, fire, flood, war, embargo, strike, riot, or the intervention of any governmental authority (a “Force Majeure”). In such an event, however, the delayed party must promptly provide the other party with written notice of the Force Majeure. The delayed party’s time for performance will be excused for the duration of the Force Majeure, but if the Force Majeure event lasts longer than thirty (30) days, or fifteen (15) business days as to a Force Majeure delaying Customer's performance of its payment obligations, the other party may immediately terminate the applicable Service Order and/or SOW by giving written notice to the delayed party.

\
**O.4** Notices. Notices to CybrHawk under this MSA must be in writing and sent by postage prepaid first-class mail or receipted courier service at the address below or to such other address (including facsimile or electronic) as specified in writing and will be effective upon receipt.\
CybrHawk, Inc.\
Attn: Legal\
110 SE 6th Street, Suite 1700\
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

This Section shall apply to formal contract notices only and shall not limit the parties’ ability to communicate via electronic mail or other methods as agreed to by the parties for routine communications.

\
**O.5** Governing Law, Forum and Language. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS MSA, ANY OF THE SERVICES HEREUNDER, OR ANY CLAIM, DISPUTE OR CONTROVERSY (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER PREEXISTING, PRESENT OR FUTURE, AND INCLUDING STATUTORY, COMMON LAW, AND EQUITABLE CLAIMS) BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND CYBRHAWK ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS MSA, THE SERVICES, ITS INTERPRETATION, OR THE BREACH, TERMINATION OR VALIDITY THEREOF, THE RELATIONSHIPS WHICH RESULT FROM THIS MSA OR ANY RELATED PURCHASE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW.\
The parties agree that any and all claims, causes of action or disputes (regardless of theory) arising out of or relating to the MSA and/or the Services shall be brought exclusively in the courts located in Broward County, Florida.\
Customer and CybrHawk agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Broward County, Florida, and agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the parties by such courts and to venue in such courts.\
This MSA will be interpreted and construed in accordance with the English language.

**O.6** Dispute Resolution. The parties will attempt to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) arising out of or relating to this MSA or the Services hereunder (a “Dispute”) through face-to-face negotiation with persons fully authorized to resolve the Dispute or through mediation utilizing a mutually agreeable mediator, rather than through litigation. The existence or results of any negotiation or mediation will be treated as confidential. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party will have the right to seek from a court of competent\
jurisdiction a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or other equitable relief to preserve the status quo, prevent irreparable harm, avoid the expiration of any applicable limitations period, or preserve a superior position with respect to other creditors, although the merits of the underlying Dispute will be resolved in accordance with this paragraph. In the event the parties are unable to resolve the Dispute within thirty (30) days of notice of the Dispute to the other party, the parties shall be free to pursue all remedies available at law or equity.

\
**O.7** Entire Agreement; Amendments; Severability; Section Headings. This MSA, together with each SOW and/or Service Orders, is the entire agreement between CybrHawk and Customer with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all prior oral and written understandings and agreements. No amendment to or modification of this MSA, in whole or in part, will be valid or binding unless it is in writing and executed by authorised representatives of both parties. If any provision of this MSA is void or unenforceable, then the remainder of this MSA will remain in full force and effect. Section headings are for reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this MSA.

\
**O.8 Representation on Authority of Parties/Signatories.** Each person signing this MSA represents and warrants that he or she is duly authorised and has legal capacity to execute and deliver this agreement. Each party represents and warrants to the other that the execution and delivery of this MSA and the performance of such party’s obligations hereunder have been duly authorised and that this MSA is a valid and legal agreement binding on such party and enforceable in accordance with its terms.

**O.8 Counterparts.** This MSA may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Copies of signatures will be valid as originals.

\
CYBRHAWK, INC CUSTOMER

|                                                                                |                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| <p>Authorized Signer  : </p><p>CybrHawk Signature  : </p><p>Print Name  : </p> | <p>Title : </p><p>Date : </p><p>Company Name  : </p> |
| <p>Customer Signature  : <br>Print Name : </p>                                 | <p>Title : <br>Date : </p>                           |

**APPENDIX A**\
Applicable to Security Services: Should the Service Order/SOW include security scanning, testing, assessment, forensics, or remediation Services (“Security Services”), Customer understands that CybrHawk may use various methods and software tools to probe network resources for security-related information and to detect actual or potential security flaws and vulnerabilities. Customer authorises CybrHawk to perform such Security Services (and all such tasks and tests reasonably contemplated by or reasonably necessary to perform the Security Services) on network resources with the internet protocol addresses (“IP Addresses”) identified by Customer. Customer represents that, if Customer does not own such network resources, it will have obtained consent and authorisation from the applicable third party to permit CybrHawk to provide the Security Services on such third party’s network resources. CybrHawk shall perform Security Services during a timeframe mutually agreed upon with Customer. The Security Services, such as penetration testing or vulnerability assessments, may also entail buffer overflows, fat pings, operating system-specific exploits, and attacks specific to custom-coded applications, but will exclude intentional and deliberate DOS (“Denial of Service”) attacks. Furthermore, Customer acknowledges that the Security Services described herein could possibly result in service interruptions or degradation regarding the Customer’s systems and accepts those risks and consequences. Upon execution of the Service Order/SOW for such Security Services, Customer consents and authorises CybrHawk to provide any or all of the Security Services specified in the applicable Service Order/SOW with respect to the Customer’s systems. Customer further acknowledges that it is the Customer’s responsibility to restore network computer systems to a secure configuration after the completion of CybrHawk’s testing. Applicable to Compliance Consulting Services: Should the Service Order/SOW include compliance testing or assessment or other similar compliance advisory Services (“Compliance Services”), Customer understands that, although CybrHawk' Compliance Services may discuss or relate to legal issues, (i) CybrHawk does not provide legal advice or services, (ii) none of such Compliance Services shall be deemed, construed as or constitute legal advice, and (iii) Customer is ultimately responsible for retaining its own legal counsel to provide legal advice. Furthermore, the Customer Reports provided by CybrHawk in connection with any Compliance Services shall not be deemed to be legal opinions and may not and should not be relied upon as proof, evidence or any guarantee or assurance as to the Customer’s legal or regulatory compliance.\
Applicable to Payment Card Industry Compliance Consulting Services: Should the Service Order/SOW include payment card industry (“PCI”) compliance auditing, testing or assessment or other similar PCI compliance advisory Consulting Services (“PCI Compliance Services”), Customer understands that CybrHawk' PCI Compliance Services do not constitute any guarantee or assurance that security of Customer’s systems, networks and assets cannot be breached or are not at risk. PCI Compliance Services are an assessment, as of a particular date, of whether the Customer’s systems, networks, assets, and any compensating controls meet the applicable PCI standards. Mere compliance with PCI standards may not be sufficient to eliminate all risks of a security breach of Customer’s systems, networks and assets. Furthermore, CybrHawk is not responsible for updating its reports and assessments or enquiring as to the occurrence or absence of such, in light of changes to Customer’s systems, networks and assets after the date that CybrHawk issues its final Customer Report pursuant to the Service Order/SOW, absent a Change Order or a separately signed Service Order/SOW expressly requiring the same.

\
CYBRHAWK, INC CUSTOMER

|                                                                          |                                                     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------- |
| <p>Authorized Signer : <br>CybrHawk Signature : </p><p>Print Name : </p> | <p>Title : </p><p>Date : </p><p>Company Name : </p> |
| <p>Customer Signature : </p><p>Print Name : </p>                         | <p>Title : </p><p>Date : </p>                       |
|                                                                          |                                                     |
